start with my take on razzle huh newt a
classic Moroccan spice blend in a dry
pan toast cinnamon cloves coriander
fenugreek and fennel seeds then add
mustard seeds and cumin when the seeds
start to pop they're ready add paprika
and grind into a fine powder for the
hummus peel and chop butternut squash
put on a baking tray and add garlic
simply bashed and chopped ginger
drizzle with olive all season and
sprinkle over the spice mix
then roast in a hot oven for half an
hour inches soft
allow to cool and place in a blender add
tahini a nutty paste made from sesame
seeds cup chickpeas a dash of lemon
juice and a drizzle of olive oil
blitz into a luxurious and creamy and
textured spices toasted for maximum
flavor amazing roasted squash hummus
coat white bait in the spicy flour mix
then fry add cube potatoes chicken stock
and seasoned